hey what's going on YouTube Phillipa
rally here a que bustin 64 here to talk
about the Nintendo GameCube with all of
you I have a couple different versions
out of this black one and the silver
platinum colored as well I happen to
have a store kiosk display the whole
unit that you would be able to see in
the stores back in the day pretty cool
the Nintendo GameCube was released in
November 2001 and it was fairly popular
I had to go up against a pig plea s 2
and Xbox alright did okay the reason was
a lot of third parties didn't support it
like they did on the Xbox and on ps2 but
they did make up for it with a lot of
great mobile games released titled
Luigi's Mansion was a big hit wrath of
that played it pretty cool
Ghostbusters clone my bet
a little notable releases Super Mario
Sunshine in my opinion not the best
Mario game but it is enjoyable I feel I
was kind of missing something but you
need a good mark platformer for every
into the system that comes out and we
got one other games Oh Nintendo GameCube
brought back Metroid
and this time in 3d it's pretty cool
retro studios worked on this
he goes after studios if I'm wrong sorry
other games rare made its last
appearance with Nintendo on and stuff
our adventures fun game Felix starfox
you should get it last rare developed
starfox game now
let's see the Gamecube really replaced
in 1064 didn't make many GameCube games
what's the weavers release not Twilight
Princess and some other games well the
good thing about the week you could play
all of your game 2 games right out of
the box and I really love playing this
it's pretty cool some of the things that
they did for the Gamecube was they gave
it a handle so he carried around little
box shape it's kind of they kind of gave
it the cube type thing
I kind of dissed it before that's pretty
cool
you could take it with you instead of
the Xbox where you have to lug around
now that Effie demographic
but GameCube pretty fun good first party
games not the best for third party games
very important part of gaming history
games lasted all the way to 6
he had Sonic games was after the
downfall of the Dreamcast and as most
teams he did one unless you're into
first-person shooters
I would say get a game you door didn't
we play the game cube on your weak some
cool things about it
well I'm uncool things about it discs
there are many DVDs
was they did mostly to combat piracy
there are a lot of pirates out there
people who like to copy games and well
that way it was harder for many people
to do that
the downside of it is a lot less
information there are a couple games
that you require like two discs in order
to play them
but
I understand like
you gotta combat that stuff at the same
time
just
got to go with what people want and they
didn't always knowing people one at the
time watching DVDs is popular on game
systems they refuse to do that though
they didn't have a variant for Japan
that was called the Panasonic queue
but that had DB clear on it I don't
happen to have that system with me but
it is a very cool thing happen to find
it
are there cool auditions that they
introduce we even got here in America is
the Gameboy player you can play all
heard Game Boy Game Boy Color and Game
Boy Advance game so at least most of
them a little add-on that you could put
on to the bottom of your system and you
could play the GameCube games right
there pretty cool
other things that this had the ps2 and
some of us you shouldn't have there's a
four-player support built right in
sounds really cool I played multiple
times I'm missing four players
things were add-ons that they had but
they didn't really support was the
online gaming support with the broadband
or 56k modem they have them but there
were very few games supported and they
no longer support it like Phantasy Star
Online pretty cool but little bit in the
back it really
I'm gonna sign off for now and if you
like these video game console many
reviews let me know comments subscribe
thanks